#### Exercise1.1

This exercise aims to help understand the basic element of Lisp, such as arithmetic operation, conditional branch and process abstraction etc. 

```lisp
(+ 5 3 4) 
=> 12

(- 9 1)
=> 8

(/ 6 2)
=> 3

(+ (* 2 4) (- 4 6))
=> 6

(define a 3) 
(define b (+ a 1))
(+ a b (* a b))
=> 19	; a = 3, b = 4

(= a b)
=> #f

(if (and (> b a) (< b (* a b)))
		b 
    a)
=> 4 ;The condition is true and it picks b as return value

(cond ((= a 4) 6)
			((= b 4) (+ 6 7 a))
			(else 25))
=> 16	;b=4 and the second branch is picked

(+ 2 (if (> b a) b a))
=> 6 ;equals to (+ 2 4)

(* (cond ((> a b) a)
				 ((< a b) b)
				 (else -1))
	 (+ a 1))
=> 16 ; equals to (* 4 4)
```

---

#### Exercise1.2

To translate this expression into prefix form, one has to look upon the first symbol that cuts this expression into multiple parts:

```lisp
(/
 	(+ 5
     4
     (- 2
        (- 3
           (+ 6
              (/ 4 5)))))
  (* 3
     (- 6 2)
     (- 2 7))
 )
```

Remember to use indent in order to make this expression easy for understanding.

---

#### Exercise1.3

One solution is to list all possible orders of these three elements and then use one ``cond`` expression to generate the answer, for example:

```lisp
#lang racket

(define (sq x) (* x x))

(define sum-of-largerTwo
  (lambda (x y z) 
    (cond ((and (< x y) (< y z)) (+ (sq z) (+ sq y)))
    			...
      ))
)
```

However, it is complex to list all possible orders: 6 all togerther. Another possible way is to calculate the square sum of all three elements and then minus the smallest one:

```lisp
#lang racket

(define (sq x) (* x x))

(define (min x y) 
  (if (< x y) x y)
)

(define (min-of-three x y z) 
  (min x (min y z)))


(define sum-of-largerTwo
  (lambda (x y z) 
    (- (+ (sq x) (sq y) (sq z))
       (min-of-three x y z))
  )
)
```

Tips: To exit from racket command line environment, type ``(exit)``. 

---

#### Exercise 1.4

```lisp
(define (a-plus-abs-b a b)
	((if (> b 0) + -) a b))
```

According to the evalution model, the compound expression would evaluate the operator and operand and applies operator on its arguments, which are the operands. Thus evaluate the expression  ``(if (> b 0) + -)``, you would get an expression ``+`` or ``-`` and apply this operator to the following operands, namely ``a`` and ``b``. 

It is such an amazing idea that the operators, even the arithmetic operator, which is considered as most fundamental one in other languages, can be treated as data. 

---

#### Exercise 1.5

```lisp
(define (p) (p)) 
(define (test x y)
	(if (= x 0) 0 y))
```

what ``(define (p) (p))`` does is simply name a procedure called ``p``, and when calling this procedure, it would repeatedly call itself. 

Use the following statement to test the evaluation order of lisp:

```lisp
(test 0 (p))
```

* If the evalution order is **Applicative Order**, it would first evaluate operator and operands. However, when evaluate the seond operand, it will cause infinite loop and the program has no response. 
* If the evaluate order is **Normal Order**, it would expand the expression to be:``(if (= 0 0) 0 (p))``, and returns 0 immediately. 

And in Racket V8.3 environement, the program is indeed stucks at the point calling ``(test 0 (p))``, which indicates the evalution order of racket interpreter is applicative order. 

---

#### Exercise 1.6

When replace ``if`` with ``new-if``, the whole program stucks and has no response. The reason is that when using ``cond``, the interpreter evaluation order is applicative order, which means it would expand ``sqrt-iter`` over and over again. However, when using ``if``, the process ends when the first condition is satisfied. 

The implementation code is: ``solutions/chap1/code/new-if.rkt``. 

---

#### Exercise 1.8

The code is written in racket form: ``solutions/chap1/code/cube-root.rkt``. Compared with the process calculating square root, the only difference is to replace the ``improved-x`` method with the procedure givens in question description. And little modification to the ``good-enough`` function: use the cubic of guess to measure if one guess is good enough. 

---

#### Exercise 1.9

For the first procedure, the execution process is as follows:

```lisp
(+ 4 5)
(inc (+ 3 5))
(inc (inc (+ 2 5)))
(inc (inc (inc (+ 1 5))))
(inc (inc (inc (inc (+ 0 5)))))
(inc (inc (inc (inc 5))))
(inc (inc (inc 6)))
(inc (inc 7))
(inc 8)
9
```

For the second procedure, the process is as follows:

```lisp
(+ 4 5)
(+ 3 6)
(+ 2 7)
(+ 1 8)
(+ 0 9)
9
```

The first one shows a recursive process and the second one is iterative. The reason is that the first process leaves one inc operation to finish until the next "+" call to be done, which makes the interpreter has to remember the "inc" chain. 

---

#### Exercise 1.10

```lisp
(A 1 10)
(A 0 (A 1 9)) 
(* 2 (A 1 9))
(* 2 (A 0 (A 1 8)))
(* 2 (* 2 (A 1 8)))
...
1024

(A 2 4)
(A 1 (A 2 3))
(A 1 (A 1 (A 2 2)))
(A 1 (A 1 (A 1 (A 2 1))))
(A 1 (A 1 (A 1 2)))
(A 1 (A 1 (A 0 (A 1 1))))
(A 1 (A 1 (A 0 2)))
(A 1 (A 1 (* 2 2)))
(A 1 (A 1 4))
(A 1 (A 0 (A 1 3)))
(A 1 (A 0 8))
(A 1 16)
65536(2^{16})

(A 3 3)
(A 2 (A 3 2))
(A 2 (A 2 (A 3 1)))
(A 2 (A 2 2))
(A 2 (A 1 (A 2 1)))
(A 2 (A 1 2))
(A 2 4)
65536(2^16)

```

```lisp
f(n) = (A 0 n) = (* 2 n) = 2n;
g(n) = 	(A 1 n)
				(A 0 (A 1 n - 1)) = 2^{n} (by induction)
h(n) =  (A 2 n)
				(A 1 (A 2 n - 1)) = 2^{(A 2 n-1)} = 2^{h(n-1)}
h(n) = 2^{lg2^{n}}
```

Or, in mathematical expression:
$$
f(n)=2n, g(n) = 2^n, h(n) = 2^{lg2^{n}}
$$

---

#### Exercise 1.11

See code: ``solutions/chap1/code/exercise1-11.rkt``

---

#### Exercise 1.12

See code: ``solutions/chap1/code/pascal-triangular.rkt``

---

